hi friends from youtube my name is mario
loquendo and I am new here good today les
I bring a creepy pasta dedicated to him
who inspired me to do what January
jerry monsters, let's start creepy
pasta
episode 4 of jerry monsters I know that
many have not seen this episode
because I was a witness, I am a
He is 25 years old and I was a fanatic
of minecraft also those who played it
like alex calp or the blond but my
favorite was jerry monsters I saw
always his videos was like his fan
number one and I went to a place where
I bought series from the internet on dvd and
I remembered jerry monsters and ask
for a ferry monsters dvd and the lord
who sold the dvd s told me no but
he told me that if I wanted I could look it up in
the internet and uploading videos tomorrow you
I can give the dvd so I accepted when
It was morning I dressed quickly for
give me the jerry monster high dvd and
I told him that if he already had the DVD and
He answered that he was here and I
gave and said the cherry monster dvd and I
I took it to my house I put it on my dvd
and in weight said mini craft parody
with the story chapter 1 season 1 and
the rest since I finish seeing everything at
finish the last episode of the
season one said he wants to see a bonus
I told him that if he later said safe and
I put yes and began telling horror
mini craft the parody with the story
chapter 4 me and I got excited finally I was going
to see that episode but when he said
chapter 4 the screen went black
for two minutes
that made me angry and I went to eat something from
refrigerator I forgot to turn off
the dvd already when the screen returned
it was still black but then everything came back
I 'm glad and said season 1 of
yesterday and I said that what he was referring to
that scared me a little and something excited
but not so much to see that episode
in weigh
jerry was walking by her first
home later he told juan hey what
we can do on this boring day what
that Juan answered I do not know and Carlos came
and told them what if they make me a
sandwich
I was laughing but my laugh changed
when he came
jane hung said shut up stupid because
you always say stupid things but those
words were heard very loud as to
be of the character of henry so jerry
he started hitting Carlos and he hit me
when I saw that Jerry pulled out a knife he
he saw real and he stuck it in his chest
Carlos came out squirts of blood very
real and jerry was taking it and diego
saying what the hell of passages and yesterday
I answered him but he seemed to speak to him
Japanese or something like that and he took a bite
in the head jets and jets of blood
diego falling while saying I did
and jerry kicked Diego's face
I was misshapen and it looked like a face
believe
jerry giving and kicking the bones
from diego they sounded like thunderous and jerry
He said you will be next and the
light I scared he turned my eyes and I
I was totally asleep when I woke up
television is on, launch the dvd a
the garbage and since then I'm
traumatized